This folder has Sass stylesheets that contain only variables and mixins, with no rules that actually generate CSS.

- **_base.scss** aggregates the other files in this folder in a logical order; stylesheets wishing to get all of the variables and mixins need only `@import` this file. This file should probably never be edited, but all the other files in this folder should usually be edited at will.
- **_colors.scss** has variables representing site colors. I often attempt to divide this into two sections: *Raw colors* such as `@red: #cc0000;`, and *Applied colors*, such as `@nav-links: @blue;`. In practice, I almost always use the raw colors exclusively.
- **_sizes.scss** has variables representing heights and widths and margins and paddings. By default, at the top there are some obscene calculations used to derive the responsive breakpoints, based on keeping a certain number of colums and ensuring their widths all have a common divisor. This has the disadvantage of not actually telling you what the derived widths are without testing. TODO: Get the breakpoints added automatically to JavaScript using one of the methods floating around the Web. *See the file itself for a description of my shorthand variable names.*
- **_fonts.scss** has mixins for fonts. In Less, I used to use pattern-matching mixin parameters for font variations, so I might have `.proxima()` for Proxima Regular, or `.proxima(bold)`, `.proxima(bold-italic)`, etc. The equivalent functionality in Sass seems to be using multiple `@if` directives in a mixin's body. It remains to be seen if I will like that approach, or instead just create mixins with different names (`proxima-bold`, `proxima-bold-italic`, etc).
- **_mixins-generic.scss** has mixins that I expect to be useful on many sites, so it comes with several predefined; see the file for details. Don't be afraid to modify or add to this if you think your change will be broadly useful.
- **_mixins-site.scss** is a place for mixins that are probably specific to the current site. Therefore, it starts empty.